I'm Rachel Dratch now you guys like
comedy anyone ask you to make you like
me do you like comedy check this up
check this up oh look it's my boyfriend
pizza Oh pizza you're such a pizza
things do you want to make out sure I'm
gonna be free right now okay am I the
only one that's turned on right now
hi I'm Andre I'm a black nerd and I
choose you
that clip I showed earlier is from the
above-average Network the creative
geniuses behind SNL and 30 rock made a
new youtube channel sketches interviews
celebrities I'm gonna put an animal
tation thing here subscribe to their
channel they put out new videos every
week and tell them old black nerd cinch
up wow so I have the people behind 30
rockets sorry night live watching this
I've got to get something highbrow from
our ranch so of course all of you bonded
together and told me in unison that you
want me to talk about PETA attacking
pokemons highbrow entertainment here
folks
first Mitt Romney attacks big burn now
PETA is attacking Pokemon
why have we all of a sudden waged a war
against fictional characters who's next
on behalf of Child Protective Services
we demand that someone turns in the
parents of the children known as phineas
and ferb every week these negligent
parents leave their children alone to
their own devices allowing them to
constantly be in danger with aliens
monsters and mad scientists from doofus
were stealing and don't get me started
on them owning a pet platypus the ASPCA
shall have a field day with that one
down five puppies from the store if we
don't adopt pound puppies then cooler
bright eyes and nose Murray will be put
to sleep by the evil Katrina Stone heart
so do your part and say
the pound puppies except for whopper I
never really cared for him hey man we
here the Environmental Protection Agency
totally have a problem these autobots
and decepticons using so much oil will
they transform into cars and Jess
Luke Optimus Prime I know you're gonna
wage a war against Megatron to retrieve
the Allspark which I'm pretty sure is
cancerous could you possibly use some
clean fossil fuel green energy man
Obamacare I don't even know that word
actually fixing the scenario by there or
maybe transformers should turn into
something that doesn't require gas all
like out obese you have a beat floors
maybe what do you guys can't turn into a
dinosaur
I don't watch looney tunes from a vegan
on behalf of bono we appreciate you
buying your red items your red iPhones
your red phone chargers Red Robin yo we
also like to thank our newest sponsors
red fraggle red herring clip the Big Red
Dog the Red Power Ranger
gossamer but uh Smurfs what's the deal
you're all blue I haven't seen a single
red smut other Smurfs above sexually
transmitted diseases you would think a
village with only one female would be a
little concerned about that blue The
Adventures of Pete and Peeta I
appreciate you wanting to save and all
there's a lot of real animals out there
in real danger that you could be
focusing your attention on not
characters from Nintendo slippy toad you
are now a free frog you have done your
last barrel roll be free
let's leave fictional characters where
they belong in fiction black bag under
arrest for the illegal entrapment and
breeding of Magua
come out with your hands okay who ratted
me out this pressure must end
recess from Black Bears cage gaol again
you shut your mouth gizmo when you drink
that water like that told you to and
after midnight we feast but now I want
to hear from you if you can own any
fictional character who would it be and
why leave a comment or video response I
love you like a play cousin I'm 85,000
Chain Chomp Chomp Chomp shouldn't be in
Chains